let's play super mario rules you yoshi's
island now let's actually do this stage
the time 37 monkey is favorite lake ok
so this level is a bit of a long one
quite a few big areas here what a few
hidden areas as well the answer really
keep your eyes just be careful you
should be able to find everything
they're not really that well hitting all
rock flowers direct points but if you
don't know where everything is getting a
hairdresser in fact is actually the
second time second attempt of me trying
to record this because change out of the
morning home because i forgot laundrette
boy and if it reminds me of that's right
the mario party five videos where I only
had going home and I'm actually for a
small cup of that anyways first speaker
area is over here and this will be the
last time that we use the submarine
we'll send our tearful goodbye subs last
one I didn't care too little okay okay
okay there will be none of that I'm
sorry I would have showed a clip of
submarine being used in my earlier
videos and then sticking us on in the
background though of course they're not
be at risk for copyright anyway so was
you wondering what is the red coin that
I've missed why was there a point about
this well guess what this idiot has it I
did not see that guy when I came through
here last time I don't know why he
didn't appear I must have liked Jim
right here so i triggered him coming
over there but I actually went back here
so you in a way so that was my mistake
oh my god live shiny drowsy holy crap oh
my god that was a bad reaction but wow
holy crap i saw that like the minute
like whoa that was a horrible reaction
though um okay I'm going to catch this
bitch wow I was hoping for I'll stick
here for um neater in mail but let's use
cable Wow
that's also pretty cool shotty not gonna
lie see if I could weaken it on
something I've spore on this yep I've
I'll weaken it I want to use like a heel
ball look by to spore I as insomnia
should i use going to use false swipe
Wow
wake up please
geez think the maximum is 5 turns there
you go
after I save I'll showed no cheating
device I was actually a really fast i'm
really really fast
got it yes female my reaction was so bad
that's probably one of my worst
reactions but look at shiny ducks pretty
sweet nice i'll stick around like i said
for neater and mail or Abra or something
might as well save right now
k mujhy device
you can focus there we go I'll
definitely shocked when I found that is
all so fast and it is tasty not bad plus
speed- defense I think pretty sure yay
else really fast alert to sounds that's
really good speed yeah plus offend or a
plus B minus fins really good speed
found this out around maybe five o'clock
exactly normal drowsy shiny drowsy I'll
do it one more encounter that was really
fast it was the same ID say me and I got
treat gout is another drowsy